README.md, before:

# Keyauth-Bypass

A Python-based MITM proxy solution engineered to neutralize Keyauth authentication flows. The proxy intercepts and reshapes outbound/inbound traffic, enforcing predefined credentials and app metadata.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### **Prerequisites**
- Windows OS  
- Python **3.7+**  
- **Proxyfier**  
- **mitmproxy**

---

## ⚙️ Installation & Setup

### **1. Install mitmproxy**
```bash
pip install mitmproxy
```

### **2. Install mitmproxy Certificates**
1. Run `mitmweb` once — this generates cert files.  
2. Navigate to:  
   ```
   /cert
   ```  
3. Install `mitmproxy-ca-cert.pem` into:  
   **Windows Trusted Root Certification Authorities**

### **3. Configure Proxyfier**
- Set the target executable to use an HTTPS proxy 
- **Proxy:** `127.0.0.1`  
- **Port:** `6969`

### **4. Run the Bypass**
```bash
mitmdump -s authbypass.py --listen-port 6969 //use mitmweb to see in vervose mode in web in real time.
```

---

## 🔧 How It Works

`authbypass.py` operates as a MITM layer that dynamically rewrites Keyauth traffic.

### **Request Manipulation**
- **Init Requests:** Injects custom app name, owner ID, and version  
- **Login Requests:** Forces predefined username + password  
- **Session Handling:** Captures & auto-injects session IDs

### **Response Manipulation**
- Normalizes app metadata across responses  
- Overrides authentication responses using predefined values  
- Maintains persistent session continuity

### **Predefined Credentials**
- **Username:** `TheGreen`  
- **Password:** `xxx`  
- **App Name:** `Sangampaudel999's Application`  
- **Owner ID:** `tTsZ5ZpwTh`

---

## 📁 File Structure
```
keyauth-bypass/
├── authbypass.py          # Main MITM proxy script
└── cert/                  # mitmproxy certificates (created after first run)
```

---

## 🎯 Usage
1. Launch Proxyfier with the configured proxy  
2. Start mitmproxy using the command above  
3. Launch your target application  
4. Use any login credentials — the proxy will rewrite them automatically  

You're in. 🎉

---

### 🚨 Exceptions & Research Notes

- When experimenting with full‑system HTTPS interception, exclude essential service ports (e.g., DNS and similar baseline network services) to prevent breaking name resolution and platform connectivity.  
- Recent Keyauth builds include client‑side verification layers. For research purposes, analysts typically focus on understanding how these checks operate, since client‑side response validation mechanisms evolve frequently.  
- Behavior may vary across builds; stability isn’t guaranteed. Skilled researchers often explore multiple traffic‑analysis techniques across PE files or Android emulators to study how different clients communicate with remote authentication services.  
- The same traffic‑inspection methodology applies across various licensing or authentication workflows. Many analysts overlook client‑side HTTP(S) telemetry, but studying it can reveal how integrations function internally.  
- Contributions to this repository are welcome—especially around expanding research utilities or documenting new discoveries. Peace out for now...

Commit message:

Simplify exceptions and research notes in README
Removed detailed exceptions and research notes section from README.

README.md, after:

# Keyauth-Bypass

A Python-based MITM proxy solution engineered to neutralize Keyauth authentication flows. The proxy intercepts and reshapes outbound/inbound traffic, enforcing predefined credentials and app metadata.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### **Prerequisites**
- Windows OS  
- Python **3.7+**  
- **Proxyfier**  
- **mitmproxy**

---

## ⚙️ Installation & Setup

### **1. Install mitmproxy**
```bash
pip install mitmproxy
```

### **2. Install mitmproxy Certificates**
1. Run `mitmweb` once — this generates cert files.  
2. Navigate to:  
   ```
   /cert
   ```  
3. Install `mitmproxy-ca-cert.pem` into:  
   **Windows Trusted Root Certification Authorities**

### **3. Configure Proxyfier**
- Set the target executable to use an HTTPS proxy 
- **Proxy:** `127.0.0.1`  
- **Port:** `6969`

### **4. Run the Bypass**
```bash
mitmdump -s authbypass.py --listen-port 6969 //use mitmweb to see in vervose mode in web in real time.
```

---

## 🔧 How It Works

`authbypass.py` operates as a MITM layer that dynamically rewrites Keyauth traffic.

### **Request Manipulation**
- **Init Requests:** Injects custom app name, owner ID, and version  
- **Login Requests:** Forces predefined username + password  
- **Session Handling:** Captures & auto-injects session IDs

### **Response Manipulation**
- Normalizes app metadata across responses  
- Overrides authentication responses using predefined values  
- Maintains persistent session continuity

### **Predefined Credentials**
- **Username:** `TheGreen`  
- **Password:** `xxx`  
- **App Name:** `Sangampaudel999's Application`  
- **Owner ID:** `tTsZ5ZpwTh`

---

## 📁 File Structure
```
keyauth-bypass/
├── authbypass.py          # Main MITM proxy script
└── cert/                  # mitmproxy certificates (created after first run)
```

---

## 🎯 Usage
1. Launch Proxyfier with the configured proxy  
2. Start mitmproxy using the command above  
3. Launch your target application  
4. Use any login credentials — the proxy will rewrite them automatically  

You're in. 🎉

---

### **Exceptions:**
- If you are doing whole system HTTPS traffic redirect to mitmproxy then leave some ports like DNS ports so it resolves hostnames and some others which I forgot...
- By this time KeyAuth has added EXE side checking of responses or something like that so you have to patch the part that is checking and it's really easy...
- And it works but not all the time but ya if you are skilled enough you can make it work and login through any EXE using KeyAuth or any APK inside emulator using KeyAuth using the same technique forwarding HTTP traffic of android emulator to our win mitmproxy as we did with PE...
- Further you can use the same technique with license auth and other auth nobody thinks of capturing EXE http traffic that is validating things from online just research a little and you will be there...
- You are free to contribute on this repo adding pybases to more things researching on it and this is it for now peace out...
